server-1647 Added Notes for using Private Image Repository (#6416)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/server-3-install-build-services.adoc

image::realitycheck-pipeline.png[Screenshot showing the realitycheck project building in the CircleCI app]

==== Hosting Build Agent Image in External Image Repository

> If you are hosting build agent image (`circleci/picard`), used by Nomad client, in an external or private repo, you have to keep the private image registry as Public and unauthenticated.

Reviewer: This could probably all go in the Configure and Deploy section.  and it could probably just say something like "consult customer support to set up"

Author: moving to configure and deploy.

image::realitycheck-pipeline.png[Screenshot showing the realitycheck project building in the CircleCI app]

==== Enabling Nomad Client for External Image Repository

> To enable the Nomad client so it can download images from an external or private repo, you can implement one of the two solutions suggested below:

Reviewer: If this section gets moved to Configure and Deploy, it can probably refer to the `circleci/picard` image directly, to avoid confusion with all the other circleci images or the customers own images

> * Keep the image registry as `Public` within `Internal network` so the Nomad client can download the images without any authentication.

Reviewer: We don't reference an `Internal network` anywhere else, is there another name we can use that is more explicit.  Is it the VPC, whatever network the cluster is in?  Or maybe we don't need to mention it at all, that the registry is public and unauthenticated is detail enough

> * Keep the image registry as `Public` within `Internal network` so the Nomad client can download the images without any authentication.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
* Keep the image registry as Public within `Internal network` so the Nomad client can download the images without any authentication.
```

> * Or, Embed the private image repository credentials in the Nomad client image at `/root/.docker/config.json`, assuming the credentials are static.

Reviewer: I think this point deserves more details:
- Are we telling the customer to publish their own AMI to use in the nomad cluster?
- what is this file (`/root/.docker/config.json`) supposed to look like, can we publish an example or a link to dockers documentation
- what if the credentials are not static?

Author: Ripped off this sections, as this is required customer to alter the nomad client image.

> NOTE: If you are using AWS, GCP, or any other cloud image registry, most of them are using temporary image repository credentials (for example, AWS ECR,GCP Container Registry), valid to use for a limited time. As soon as those credentials expire, your Nomad client will be unable to download the image from a private image repository if the image does not exist in a Nomad client. You must refresh the credentials again on those Nomad clients to pull the new images.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: If you are using Amazon Web Services (AWS), Google Cloud  Platform (GCP), or any other cloud image registry, most of these registries use temporary image repository credentials (for example, AWS ECR,GCP Container Registry), valid to use for a limited time. As soon as those credentials expire, your Nomad client will be unable to download the image from a private image repository if the image does not exist in a Nomad client. You must refresh the credentials again on those Nomad clients to pull the new images.
```

> NOTE: If you are using Amazon Web Services (AWS), Google Cloud  Platform (GCP), or any other cloud image registry, most of these registries use temporary image repository credentials, valid to use for a limited time. As soon as those credentials expire, your Nomad client will be unable to download the image from the private image repository if the image does not already exist in a Nomad client. You must refresh the credentials again on those Nomad clients to pull the images.

Reviewer: I don't think we want to include such a general statement about all cloud image registries.  I think we can remove this note altogether.

Author: done
